Q1: Which API do you use to connect to a database from Python?

Watson API
REST API
Census API
DB API such as ibm_db API

Correct. DB API such as ibm_db API
A DB API such as ibm_db will enable you to connect to a database from Python to access and 
manipulate data.

Q2: In the ibm_db API, what is the commit() method used for?

The commit() method is used to close a database connection.
The commit() method is used to commit any pending transaction to the database.
The commit() method is used to reverse any transactions that fail.
The commit() method is used to open a database for connection.

Correct. The commit() method is used to commit any pending transaction to the database.

Q3: True or false: Resources used by the ibm_db API are released automatically when the program ends. 
There is no need to specifically close the connection.

True
False

Correct. False
It is important to use the close() method to close connections and avoid unused connections 
taking up resources.

Q4: To create a table from Python, you would use...

An ibm_db.exec_immediate function that includes connection information and a SQL statement to create the table.
You cannot create a table from Python.
An ibm_db.exec_immediate function that includes connection information.
An ibm_db.exec_immediate function that includes a SQL statement to create the table.


Correct. An ibm_db.exec_immediate function that includes connection information and a SQL statement to create the table.
To create a table from Python, use the ibm_db.exec_immediate function and include connection information as the first parameter and a SQL statement to create the table as the second parameter.

Q5: Which of the following is a correct example of the connect function?

connect('database port', 'username', 'password')
connect('username', 'password')
connect('database name', 'username', 'database type')
connect('database name', 'username', 'password')

Correct. connect('database name', 'username', 'password').
You must pass the database name, username, and password parameters to connect to the database.

A database cursor is a control structure that enables traversal over the records in a database

The ibm_db API provides a variety of  useful Python functions for accessing and  manipulating data 
in an IBM data server database,  including functions for connecting to a database,  preparing and 
issuing SQL statements,  fetching rows from result sets, calling stored procedures,  committing 
and rolling back transactions,  handling errors and retrieving metadata. 

The Python ecosystem is very rich and provides easy to use tools for data science.  
Some of the most popular packages are NumPy,  pandas, matplotlib, and SciPy.  
Python is easy to learn and has a simple syntax.  Due to its open source nature,  
Python has been ported to many platforms.  All your python programs can work on any 
of  these platforms without requiring any changes at all.  If you are careful and 
avoid any system dependent features,  Python supports relational database systems.  
Writing Python code to access databases is made  easier by the presence of the Python database API.


Q6:A database cursor is a control structure that enables traversal over the records in a database. (T/F)

True
False

Correct.True

Q7: The ibm_db API provides a variety of useful Python functions for accessing and manipulating data in 
an IBM data server like Db2. Is this statement True or False?

True
False

Correct.True

Q8: A Dataframe represents a tabular, spreadsheet-like data structure containing an ordered collection of 
columns, each of which can be a different value type. Indicate whether the following statement is True or False:
A pandas dataframe in Python can be used for storing the result set of a SQL query.

True
False

Correct.True

Q9: Which of the following statement(s) about Python is NOT correct (i.e. False)?


The Python ecosystem is very rich and provides easy to use tools for data science. 
Due to its proprietary nature, database access from Python is not available for many databases.
There are libraries and APIs available to access many of the popular databases from Python. 
Python is a popular scripting language for connecting and accessing databases.

Correct. Due to its proprietary nature, database access from Python is not available for many databases.

Q10: To query data from tables in database a connection to the database needs to be established. 
Which of the following is NOT required to establish a connection with a relational database from 
a Python notebook:

An SQL or Database API 
Username, Password, and Database name
Table and Column names

Correct. Table and Column names
